feat(core): add `app-region: drag` to `data-tauri-drag-region` (#9789)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/app-region-drag.md

---
"tauri": patch:feat
---

> Add `app-region: drag` to HTML elements with `data-tauri-drag-region` on supported platforms (currently only WebView2 123+ on Windows)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `app-region: drag` to HTML elements with `data-tauri-drag-region` on Windows, only WebView2 123+, which should fix dragging using touch.
```
